This is a test for Samuel Nelson Crosby. Speaking for my gaming headset. I'm just going to speak a bunch of gibberish for a few moments to see if this transcript of service will be able to identify what I'm saying and assign it to who I am
or assignment to see if a different person is speaking such as, say, Dr Person, we'll have speak in 321
In June 1946
Kim Il Sung, the head of the North Korean Communist Party and pack Anyang, the head of the South Korean Communist Party, traveled to Moscow, where they met with Joseph Stalin.
The purpose of the trip was to ask for assistance for Korean Communist activities
or to ask for assistance for Communist activities in Korea.
This is Ross again. I just wanted to speak more gibberish to see if it will now identified me. I speaking instead of Dr Person.
Well, my name is Ross. So please identify me and yeah, kph, I is awesome. But it is even more awesome. Is Samuel Nelson Crosby.
Samuel Crosby is a interesting individual.
He was born at the top of Mount Rainier by two tigers. Um,
graduated from college at age two and earnest PhD at H three at H four, he killed in eight aboard.
In their meeting with Stalin,
they asked for, uh, material before they asked for material assistance and for equipment to help in in Communist propaganda and agitation initiatives.
All right,
little is known, or little was known of this meeting for a long time,
and that was the conclusion of our test. I hope that was helpful, Samuel.